home/bhanu/kare/DATABASE.md, before:


# How to Reset and Recreate Your Database

If your database schema is out of sync, corrupted, or needs to be updated with new tables, this guide provides a single, reliable command to completely reset it.

**IMPORTANT:** This process will **permanently delete all data** in your database and recreate it from scratch based on the latest schema. This is required when making schema changes, such as adding new fields like `motherEmail` or `fatherEmail` to the `Child` model.

## Step-by-Step Instructions

1.  **Ensure Environment is Configured**
    Make sure your `.env` file at the root of the project (`/home/user/studio/.env`) contains the correct `DATABASE_URL` for your PostgreSQL database.

2.  **Run the Reset Command**
    From your project's terminal (`/home/user/studio`), execute the following command:
    ```bash
    npx prisma migrate reset
    ```

3.  **Confirm the Reset**
    Prisma will ask you to confirm because this action cannot be undone.
    - Type `y` and press `Enter` to proceed.

This command will automatically:
- Drop the database.
- Create a new, empty database.
- Apply the schema from `prisma/schema.prisma` to create all tables (`Daycare`, `User`, `Child`, `Staff`, etc.).
- Generate a new Prisma Client for your application to use.

After the command completes, your database will be fresh, empty, and perfectly matched with your application's code. You can now restart your application and begin with a clean slate.

Commit message:

bhanu@app1:~/kare$ npx prisma migrate reset Environment variables loaded

home/bhanu/kare/DATABASE.md, after:


# How to Sync Your Database Schema

If your database schema is out of sync or you see errors like "Table... does not exist," this guide provides a single, reliable command to fix it. This is a common and expected step after pulling new code that changes the database structure.

**IMPORTANT:** Running `npm run db:reset` will **permanently delete all data** in your database if you need to start fresh. If you just want to apply updates without losing data, this command is still safe to run.

## Step-by-Step Instructions

1.  **Ensure Environment is Configured**
    Make sure your `.env` file at the root of the project (`/home/user/studio/.env`) contains the correct `DATABASE_URL` for your PostgreSQL database.

2.  **Run the Sync Command**
    From your project's terminal (`/home/bhanu/kare`), execute the following command. We are using `db push` because it directly syncs your schema without needing migration files, which is ideal for development.

    ```bash
    npm run db:reset
    ```
    This is an alias for `npx prisma db push`.

This command will automatically:
- Connect to the database specified in your `.env` file.
- Compare your database's current state with the schema defined in `prisma/schema.prisma`.
- Create or update all tables and columns to match the schema.
- Generate a new Prisma Client for your application to use.

After the command completes, your database will be perfectly matched with your application's code. You can now restart your application (`npm run dev`) and the errors will be gone.
