DATABASE.md, before:


# The Definitive Fix for the `Schema engine error:`

You've been encountering a persistent `Schema engine error:`. This happens because Prisma's default query engine is incompatible with the system libraries in this specific development environment.

The solution is to tell Prisma to use a different, more portable query engine that doesn't have this problem. I have now applied the correct configuration to your `prisma/schema.prisma` file to make this happen.

## Applying the Fix

To install the new, compatible engine and sync your database, please run the following commands from your project's terminal (`/home/user/studio`):

```bash
# In your Firebase Studio project directory:

# 1. A thorough way to ensure a clean slate for the Prisma client
rm -rf node_modules/@prisma
rm -rf node_modules/.prisma

# 2. Re-run npm install to download and link the correct Prisma engine
npm install

# 3. Push the schema to your database
npx prisma db push
```

After running these commands, the error will be resolved, and your application will be able to connect to the database. You will only need to do this once.

Commit message:

can you please share complete schema of database and  recreate all the t

DATABASE.md, after:


# How to Reset and Recreate Your Database

If you suspect your database schema is out of sync or corrupted, this guide provides a single, reliable command to completely reset it.

**IMPORTANT:** This process will **permanently delete all data** in your database and recreate it from scratch based on the latest schema. This is useful for getting a clean slate.

## Step-by-Step Instructions

1.  **Ensure Environment is Configured**
    Make sure your `.env` file at the root of the project (`/home/user/studio/.env`) contains the correct `DATABASE_URL` for your PostgreSQL database.

2.  **Run the Reset Command**
    From your project's terminal (`/home/user/studio`), execute the following command:
    ```bash
    npx prisma migrate reset
    ```

3.  **Confirm the Reset**
    Prisma will ask you to confirm because this action cannot be undone.
    - Type `y` and press `Enter` to proceed.

This command will automatically:
- Drop the database.
- Create a new, empty database.
- Apply the schema from `prisma/schema.prisma` to create all tables.
- Generate a new Prisma Client for your application to use.

After the command completes, your database will be fresh, empty, and perfectly matched with your application's code. You can now restart your application and begin with a clean slate.
```
