kare/DATABASE.md, before:


# How to Reset and Recreate Your Database

If your database schema is out of sync, corrupted, or needs to be updated with new tables, this guide provides a single, reliable command to completely reset it.

**IMPORTANT:** This process will **permanently delete all data** in your database and recreate it from scratch based on the latest schema. This is required when making schema changes, such as adding the new `Daycare` or `VerificationToken` tables.

## Step-by-Step Instructions

1.  **Ensure Environment is Configured**
    Make sure your `.env` file at the root of the project (`/home/user/studio/.env`) contains the correct `DATABASE_URL` for your PostgreSQL database.

2.  **Run the Reset Command**
    From your project's terminal (`/home/user/studio`), execute the following command:
    ```bash
    npm run db:reset
    ```

3.  **Confirm the Reset**
    Prisma will ask you to confirm because this action cannot be undone.
    - Type `y` and press `Enter` to proceed.

This command will automatically:
- Drop the database.
- Create a new, empty database.
- Apply the schema from `prisma/schema.prisma` to create all tables (`Daycare`, `User`, `Child`, `Staff`, etc.).
- Generate a new Prisma Client for your application to use.

After the command completes, your database will be fresh, empty, and perfectly matched with your application's code. You can now restart your application and begin with a clean slate.

Commit message:

npm run db:reset is not creating all table instead only _prisma.migratio

kare/DATABASE.md, after:


# How to Sync Your Database Schema

If your application isn't working because of a database error like "Table... does not exist," it means your database schema is out of sync with the application code. This guide provides a single, reliable command to fix this.

This is a common and expected step after pulling new code that changes the database structure (e.g., adding the `Daycare` or `Staff` models).

## The Fix: One Command

This command will read your `prisma/schema.prisma` file and update your database to match it, creating any missing tables and columns.

**From your project's terminal (`/home/user/studio/kare`), execute the following command:**
```bash
npm run db:reset
```

That's it! The command (which now runs `prisma db push`) will automatically:
- Connect to the database specified in your `.env` file.
- Compare your database's current state with the schema defined in `prisma/schema.prisma`.
- Apply the necessary changes to create all the required tables.
- Generate a new Prisma Client for your application to use.

After the command completes, your database will be perfectly matched with your application's code. You can now restart your application (`npm run dev`) and continue working.
